
What you want to say? That the app would have no screen, nothing. It will just can add it as an widget. Are you sure now? But are you 100% sure that it will be exactly the same and only the time, date, day, and weather? It will only be coded and it will be functional 100%. Are you sure that everything will be perfect at their position?

Free
24 minutes ago
Evaluating widget dimensions
You are right to question that. My honest answer is:

Yes, it is a widget-only Android project. There is no app screen or normal launcher activity. It can only be added through the Android widget picker.
Yes, the coded content is limited to the Sakura artwork, time, day/date, and weather.
No, I cannot honestly promise 100% identical pixel placement on every Android phone or launcher.
Android controls the outer widget placement, margins, grid size, and sometimes scaling. The code can control the inside of the widget, but it cannot force the phone launcher to place the widget at an exact screen coordinate like the screenshot.

Also, the current source is a strong first implementation, but it still needs a real Android build/install on the target phone to confirm the final visual alignment. GitHub Actions will build the APK, but it cannot guarantee the exact appearance on an unknown launcher.

For the closest possible match, the widget should be locked to the reference ratio and tested on the same phone shown in the screenshot. I should not claim that it is already “100% perfect” without that device verification.

Remove upload artifact step and create github release with apk file attached ok in workfow

Free
20 minutes ago
Refining workflow considerations
I’ll update the GitHub workflow so it stops uploading a separate Actions artifact and instead creates a GitHub Release with the APK attached. Releases will be created only from main, master, or a manual run; pull requests will still build-check the project without publishing a release.

Verifying workflow changes
Finalizing workflow improvements
Finalizing workflow improvements

I see I need to finalize things now. It’s worth mentioning that improving workflow around permissions could help. The issue might be tied to permissions: contents: write on the pull request fork. If the job tries to build without a release, it might be hitting restrictions on the GitHub token. There could be action tag collisions as well, since run_number needs to be unique. Since the user requested changes, I’ll keep this response concise.

Done.

Changes made:

Removed the actions/upload-artifact step.
Added GitHub Release creation using softprops/action-gh-release@v2.
APK is renamed to:
sakura-clock-weather.apk
Release tag format:
v1
v2
v3
Releases are created on:

Pushes to main
Pushes to master
Manual workflow runs
Pull requests still build-check the APK but do not create releases.

Added contents: write permission required for GitHub Releases.

Updated the README with the new release behavior.

See screenshot what u made in that its positinoning is too wrong so this i am giving a more cleasr and easy image for widget see 2nd image there u can compare from old where to place those i have empty all those place in 2nd image just u place the exactly same time and everything must be same so 1st u make a small artifact and show on it the are u getting correct possition when i say ok then do exactly same in android source to make best ok and please compare with 3rd to fill 2nd empty place in widget ok

Free
4 minutes ago
Creating a mockup using references
I understand the correction: the second image is the clean widget template, and the third image is the positioning reference. I’ll first place the time, AM/PM, date, and weather over that clean template in a small visual mockup. I won’t touch the Android source until you approve that placement.

The visual mockup creation hit a project bootstrap problem because the previous cleanup removed the reusable preview scaffold. I’m rebuilding that small preview sandbox manually now, without changing the native Android source, then I’ll place the corrected widget on the canvas for your approval.

$ command -v node || true; command -v npm || true; command -v pnpm || true; command -v python3 || true; echo PATH=$PATH

Loaded skill package-management
Installing Node for mockup
Installing Node for mockup

I'm thinking we need to install Node to create the mockup artifact. The user asked for an exact preview, so using Node seems likely. Since they mentioned a small artifact, I should install the Node module using the CodeExecution callback. I need to call listAvailableModules({language: "nodejs"}), and it looks like I might also have to install some modules. I see that listAvailableModules is available, so let's proceed with that!

The preview sandbox itself needs Node available in this workspace, and the earlier cleanup removed that runtime along with the old web scaffolding. I’m restoring only the runtime needed for this temporary visual check; the Android project remains native-only.

Added support for nodejs-20
Troubleshooting artifact creation
Troubleshooting artifact creation

Okay, I've installed Node, but it looks like the bootstrap artifact failed. I think this might be because Node isn't available, so I could try again. Now, I need to create an artifact, but I should note that createArtifact for the mockup sandbox generates artifacts in the mockup-sandbox. It seems there might be a conflict since it was deleted. Alright, I suppose the next step is to retry creating the artifact.

Created the “Sakura Widget Position Check” artifact (mockup-sandbox)
Building a mockup
Creating components from attachments
Creating components from attachments

I need to copy an image and create a component, but it looks like the user hasn’t named the new attached files. There might be old names from a snapshot, and the system doesn't seem to include the new attachments in the local path. It probably has to do with the paths in .conversation/attached_assets. I think it would be a good idea to list those paths to clarify what's going on!

Investigating file names
Investigating file names

I need to use the second or third set of new names for images, but the current file attachments correspond to old names. It seems like there might be a mix-up because the user’s new names aren’t showing in the workspace. Maybe the platform didn’t preserve them properly? The file list shows old names, suggesting the user’s attached files weren't copied after the transition. I’ll consider checking at /mnt/data or in the /home/runner directory.

Identifying attachment paths
Identifying attachment paths

I see we have new attachments at the root called attached_assets. I need to use the second image, so I'll be listing out the exact path to access that image. I want to make sure I'm precise with this to avoid any mix-ups. Making an accurate path is crucial in ensuring everything functions as it should, so let's focus on getting that right!

Finalizing image mockup
Planning image adjustments

I need to copy the second clean image to the public folder. I can use the command cp attached_assets/IMG_...203357...jpg artifacts/.../public/images/sakura-template.jpg and create the component via apply_patch. I should inspect the exact image, maybe after a screenshot. I'll also compare positions mathematically from another screenshot. The clean base image appears to be 1024x444, while the new user screenshot has the same dimensions, and I need to determine the coordinates based on those.Finalizing image mockup

In the mockup, I can use a black background with an overlay since that matches the reference image. For the time display, I’m considering positioning it with percentages: left: 28.3%; top: 27%; width maybe 36% while adjusting the font size using the clamp ratio. The meridiem placement has to be around x 61.4% and top 50%. I need to ensure the clock group's CSS aligns with the source image, particularly focusing on font sizes at various dimensions. This might get tricky, but I’ll work it out!

Loaded skill canvas
Applied 1 canvas action(s)
1 action
$ mkdir -p artifacts/sakura-widget-position-check/public/images artifacts/sakura-widget-position-check/src/components/mockups/sakura-widget cp attached_assets/IMG_20260829_203357_147_1788015879560.jpg artifacts/sakura-widget-position-check/public/images/sakura-empty-template.jpg file artifacts/sakura-widget-position-check/public/images/sakura-empty-template.jpg

Time worked
2 minutes
Work done
17 actions
Items read
1,638 lines
You've reached your daily free quota limit. It will reset at 12:00 AM UTC.

See screenshot what u made in that its positinoning is too wrong so this i am giving a more cleasr and easy image for widget see 2nd image there u can compare from old where to place those i have empty all those place in 2nd image just u place the exactly same time and everything must be same so 1st u make a small artifact and show on it the are u getting correct possition when i say ok then do exactly same in android source to make best ok and please compare with 3rd to fill 2nd empty place in widget ok Agent activity I understand the correction: the second image is the clean widget template, and the third image is the positioning reference. I’ll first place the time, AM/PM, date, and weather over that clean template in a small visual mockup. I won’t touch the Android source until you approve that placement. Agent activity Agent activity The visual mockup creation hit a project bootstrap problem because the previous cleanup removed the reusable preview scaffold. I’m rebuilding that small preview sandbox manually now, without changing the native Android source, then I’ll place the corrected widget on the canvas for your approval. Agent activity Agent activity The preview sandbox itself needs Node available in this workspace, and the earlier cleanup removed that runtime along with the old web scaffolding. I’m restoring only the runtime needed for this temporary visual check; the Android project remains native-only. Agent activity Agent activity Agent activity Agent activity
You've used up your daily credits. Upgrade to continue.
